Updating documentation (#313)
robocomp/robocomp: doc/DSR-start.md

To have a minimal set of agents acting as the running brain of a (simulated) robot we need four elements:

1. A Robotics simulator such as [CoppeliaSim](https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/) that provides us with a realistic physics-based world inhabited by a mobile robot.
2. A Python program (adapter) that starts and runs the CoppeliaSim loop and provides access to all elements in the simulated world, including all the robot's sensors and actuators.
3. A mandatory and already existing agent "idserver" that reads a JSON description of the simulated world into G and makes it available to all other agents that get onboard (C++)
4. A special agent (C++) that connects to the Python adapter through RoboComp interfaces and injects all sensor data into G and also sends all commands to robot.

## DSR's "Hello World"
Here we will describe the steps required to start all four elements. With the addition of a joystick or a XBox pad, you can move the robot around and see all the nice tools included in G and the G viewers that all agents inherit.

> You need to have following things installed before proceeding further :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have the following things installed before proceeding further :
```

* robocomp [[ installation guide ]](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp/blob/development/README.md)
* robocomp-robolab ( hardware robot drivers) [[ installation link ]](https://github.com/robocomp/robocomp-robolab)
* robocomp-dsr [[ installation guide ]](https://github.com/robocomp/dsr-graph)
* Pyrep [[ installation guide ]](https://github.com/stepjam/PyRep)
* CoppeliaSim [[ installation link ]](https://www.coppeliarobotics.com/)

> _(we are assuming that your robocomp repo is in ~/robocomp/ and that you have clones robocomp-robolab and dsr-graph below ~/robocomp/components, if not then set the environment variable ROBOCOMP to directory where you have cloned robocomp repo by ```export ROBOCOMP="Enter path here"``` )_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_(we are assuming that your robocomp repo is in ~/robocomp/ and that you have cloned robocomp-robolab and dsr-graph below ~/robocomp/components, if not then set the environment variable ROBOCOMP to the directory where you have cloned robocomp repo by ```export ROBOCOMP="Enter path here"``` )_
```

#### Attention: it is crucial that you uninstall with pip3 the package _python3-opencv_ and install the _python3-opencv-headless_ version

Step 1.
  * In a new terminal type "rcnode" to start ZeroC's publish-subscribe broker
  * Terminal 1 :
     ```bash
     rcnode
     ```

Step 2. 
  * In a new terminal goto ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/robots_pyrep/viriatoPyrep
  * Build it with cmake set the CoppeliaSim root path(directory where CopelliaSim is installed)
  * Run it using the provided "run.sh" script.
  * Terminal 2 :
    ```bash
    cd ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/robots_pyrep/viriatoPyrep
    cmake .
    make
    export COPPELIASIM_ROOT="Enter CoppeliaSim path here"
    bash run.sh
     ```

Step 3. 

>   * In a new terminal goto ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/components/idserver. This agent will read a stored graph from a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In a new terminal go to ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/components/idserver. This agent will read a stored graph from a file.
```

  * Build it and execute with _bin/idserver etc/config_ 
  * You should see a Qt window showing the graph G. There are also other tabs that "project" G as a 2D and 3D scene.
  Also, there is a tree view of G.
  * Terminal 3 :
    ```bash
    cd ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/components/idserver
    cmake .
    make
    ./bin/idserver etc/config
    ```

Step 4. 

>   * In a new terminal goto ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/components/viriatoDSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In a new terminal go to ~/robocomp/components/dsr-graph/components/viriatoDSR.
```
